<h1>Visual Programming Program 5</h1>
<p>This program will use methods to calculate the total amount paid and the number of months required to pay off a student loan. The user will enter the amount borrowed (example 1000), the annual interest rate (example 12 for 12% interest on the unpaid balance as a yearly rate), and the monthly payment for each month (example 500). The assumption is that at the end of each month, the bank will use the monthly interest rate (1/12 of the annual interest rate after dividing by 100 to change a percent to a decimal value) to calculate how much to charge as interest on the current amount owed. It will then subtract the amount of a payment from the amount owed. It will add the amount paid to the total paid and add 1 to the month counter. Note that if the amount currently owed is less than the usual payment (which is likely to happen for the last payment), the program should reduce the payment to the amount still owed instead of the usual payment.</p>
<p>When the “calculate” button is clicked, the program will check each of the inputs to be sure that they are numeric. If the value in a text box is invalid (e.g. missing or not numeric) then display a message box and exit the method for this button. Note that if the amount of interest owed for the first month is more than or equal to the usual monthly payment, the loan will never be paid off. In this case, display a message box and exit the method for this button. If the data appears valid, call a method that will use a loop to simulate the monthly interest charges and the monthly payments. The numeric values which were input will be passed to the method by value. The calculated values for the total paid and the number of months to repay will be passed back as output parameters.</p>

